Include information about upgrading in README (#20993)
PowerShell/PowerShell: README.md

To install a specific version, visit [releases](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases).

## Upgrading PowerShell

> For best results when upgrading, you should use the same install method you used when you first installed PowerShell. For more information on 
> upgrading your exsiting install of PowerShell, visit [Upgrading an Existing Installation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-on-windows?view=powershell-7.4#upgrading-an-existing-installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For best results when upgrading, you should use the same install method you used when you first
installed PowerShell. The update method will be different for each platform and install method. For
more information, see [Installing PowerShell](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell).
```
